The Joe Rogan experience. I haven't done it. I haven't done it.
I haven't traveled to England since the whole Brexit thing has been going on.
I did, I went through touring and it should've just been like,
just hop on a plane to go to your other countries. You just stuck in customs,
hoping someone comes for you. Okay.
I don't know enough about the arguments pro and con to comment on it honestly.
Well then it truly doesn't matter cause we don't have a vote in it, but I.
Know the dude looks like a British version of Donald Trump.
He looks like he's got up yellow hair.
The whole deal literally looks like their version of Trump. Like a.
Wonkier. If it's possible younger.
Wonky or hotter, he's a little hotter.
And they say America sneezes. The rest of the world catches a cold, you know,
like we do something. People will start to.
Imagine if dudes with up blonde hair, just start taking over the world.
I feel like that was Hitler's vision.
Like I feel like that's where they were headed.
That was right. It was crazy. It was like Hitler didn't look like.
Brown hair. I think he even had like a Jewish grandma, brown eyes,
every Juno's this Jewish grandma. I think it's something like that.
Look at that guy. Come on. He.
Looks like.
Take it away. He's not hotter. He's just younger. When Trump was younger,
he was way hotter than that too. No, that guy's.
Terrible. Terrible looking.
You know, a lot of Trump's supporters this weekend is Colby.
Covington was fighting in the UFC and he's a big Trump supporter.
You know, I gotta say this. This is not pro-Trump,
but this is pro your own rights. We have this thing in California.
I said something. I was in a writer's room.
And I said something about someone who I knew that voted for my family that
voted for Donald Trump. And they, someone was like,
someone in your family voted for Donald Trump. Do you still speak to them?
And I was like, don't get hyphy with me. This idea that you can't.
I understand he represents all these horrible things,
but we have to be able to have conversations in this country and
on both sides and other liberals at times.
And I say this as a person who's fairly liberal, it's terrifying.
Just attacking your own allies and creating no space for a conversation.
Liberals used to be when I was a kid and my parents are hippies.
And we lived in San Francisco when I was a little kid.
And so I always thought of liberals as being the people that were like,
open-minded, you know, uh,
not wanting to silence people,
letting people speak their all about people, just being whoever they are,
who they are and not,
not trying to enforce like rigid patterns of behavior and thought on people.
But that's not the case now because they think they're doing the right thing
because they think they're combating something that's awful and aggressive and
regressive, you know,
that's something that is that they feel like the country that they know and love
is slipping away. So they're.
Conservative. So does everyone, but.
Their response to it is not the right way to go about it.
The response to it is a show. A great example of what your,
your ideology represents by being a good person by being
open-minded by being kind. Instead, people are being super, super.
There's so many super people that think they're doing the right thing because
they're progressive and all they they'll. They want good things.
They want gay rights and they want racial equality and they want people to be
able to make more money. And they want people to be.
Attacking anyone who from the get-go doesn't agree with you because by the way,
if you,
if you and I disagree and you calmly want to have a conversation with me,
I am very open to having my mind change. Of course,
I want to be on the right side and I want to do the best thing.
If you yell at me and you call me stupid,
call me over and you're attacking me and you're on the defense from the get go
you're on the offense from the get-go. But just as a person with pride,
you're going to want to be like, you know what?
I don't want to hear it and you because you represent now all the good
intentions, like you're the representative of all that. And I don't like you.
So you are, um, you're an ambassador for your cause when you speak,
I'm really into the environment and plastic and stuff like that.
And I am very specific about how, and when I post about things,
because you don't want people to get activism, fatigue,
and you don't want to be the person who posts about everything,
because then no one will listen to anything.
And you don't want to call people out specifically because just because somebody
carried a plastic bottle that day doesn't mean they don't drive a hybrid.
You don't know what people are doing. That's literally what I'm thinking of.
And while I love that, he did that. Part of me is like,
that's a little holier than now. Shamed him. Jason Momo is so hot, so hot.
So he's not, but we were so, especially online.
We're so quick to be like, you're not doing it right.
We do it with feminism too. And you have no idea,
the pious good life that person is leading.
And you're judging them on a snapshot on which you don't want to be judged.
Well, they want to judge people. The thing is about,
it's a lot of what this is about people that are on the fringes.
It's the ideas are great, right?
But the people that want attention for espousing, these great ideas,
oftentimes are the fringe. So the far left and the far right? A lot of it,
what it is,
it's just people that are ultra aggressive about enforcing their ideology.
And then they're really and they want other people to comply.
And so you get these people that represent the right and the people that
represent the left, but a lot of the ideas of the right and left way,
there's nothing wrong with being fiscally conservative.
There's nothing wrong with being socially.
True. Republican is, and you want less government in your money.
The room in there for conversation. But when you go far, right,
and then you go far left, then there's no room.
And when you start vilifying people from the get-go, uh,
and when you start expecting people, I Owen Benjamin,
who was just basically as like in a tinfoil hat somewhere,
and like living off the grid, he offended a lot of people. Right.
You just staring at me. Oh. Uh, and he said a bunch of stuff about trans stuff.
And I remember there was this girl that I was friends with
on social media. Didn't know her, but just followed her.
Cause I liked her writing. That's it. And she dams me one day and she's like,
she's like, oh, and Benjamin, like, how could you be like, maybe I had,
I don't know if I'd interacted with him on Twitter. I I'm never on Twitter.
Cause I think it's a toxic hole. Uh, and she was like, she's getting mad at me.
And I go, what are you talking about? She was like, he said, oh,
this stuff that's anti-trans and I hadn't heard anything.
Well, let me, let me say what he said. Okay. And here's the thing.
He went off into a spiral. Right.
But I agree with what he said,
what he said was there was someone that he knew someone who works in Hollywood
that had a three-year-old that they were turning trans.
And he said that that was child abuse.
That was what led I don't disagree with this crazy situation. Totally. No,
I agree with it. A hundred percent disagree with that. Yeah. I agree with him,
the child, a hundred.
Percent child decide what it's eating. Right.
So that's somebody who had a great joke. You don't let, I always say this.
I wish I could remember who, who it was.
They said you don't let a kid pick their outfit.
Why the would you let them pick their gender for the rest of the day? Yeah.
But it's somebody did it already. Right?
I'm not going to do the joke. Uh,
but so that aside and the spiral side, which I didn't even participate,
like it's whatever, like those are your choices. That's what you're saying.
I had known that, that.
Here's the thing that cost him dearly.
His agency left him and then comedy clubs banned him for that. That was the.
Beginning. Just steered into that skid.
Well that's but that's what started the skid. Right?
What started the skin was that.
About like, he called someone who had written a look,
this that's not the point of what I'm saying.
Went south.
Afterwards. You have to manage those things. My point was, I knew none of this.
So I'm just like going to brunch one day and this person starts attacking me
offline. How can you be friends with them? And I go, whoa,
what are you talking about? She's like, he's saying all these horrible things.
And I she's in my like direct message.
And this is my only point is I said, I've known Owen, most of my career.
Let me go read what you're talking about.
And she was angry at me for wanting to gather information.
This person is a trans writer who I literally,
until that moment didn't know was trans because I was just a fan based on merit.
Like I just liked the writing. And I said,
how dare you shame on you as a journalist, you should applaud that.
I go and collect my facts.
Compliance like immediate instantaneous.
And I said, I'm an ally. And I am pro trans and I'm pro gay rights.
But you do not get to bark at me on a Sunday morning when I've no idea what
we're talking about and get mad at me.
I just have to tell you,
I don't trust anyone who says they're an ally about anything.
But you say that if you say I'm an ally.
Anything I'm antitrust, not a buy on it.
I vote. Kate's Mrs. Doubtfire, alpha ally.
She is just the term allies gross. It's it's okay. When other people use it,
like he's an ally that guy's an ally. She's an ally. I get that.
That's a good way to use it. But when you say I'm an ally, I'm like, yeah.
Okay, well, I'm pro trans good for you. And I,
and I blocked that person. I was like,
you don't get to bark at me and tell me for any, cause yeah.
I too many people live on Twitter. It's not good. It's not healthy. Folks.
I talk to people. Twitter is it's become like a subway bathroom wall.
Michelle Wolf told me the exact same thing last week.
She doesn't have it on her phone.
Because you're just screaming into a void. And all it does is just, uh,
it just nets negativity. So they're just waiting for you to up by the way,
anybody who's ever said anything awful to me on Twitter,
who I've seen in person, they say nothing and I'm yeah.
I'm probably the only way people should talk is face to face. Yeah.
Louis C K said that to me. We were talking about this and he said,
it's just talk, but it's written down.
So people think it's like more than it is.